Tutorial for parameter passing (#51)
ignitionrobotics/sdf_tutorials: param_passing/tutorial.md

  <pose relative_to="something" action="add">0 0 1 0 0 0</pose>
</visual>
```

**Example 3**

To add a new element as a direct child of the included/original model, use `element_id=""`:

```xml
<!-- //experimental:params -->
<frame element_id="" name="some_frame" action="add">
  <pose>0 1 0 0 0 0</pose>
</frame>
```

This adds the `//frame[@name="some_frame"]` to the included `//model`
(i.e., the output would be `//model/frame[@name="some_frame"]`).

---

### Modify action

The `modify` action provides the ability to modify values and/or attributes of elements.
This action only updates existing elements and does not add or remove them.
It can update or add attributes to existing elements but can not remove them.

To `modify` elements and/or attributes, the full element path to that element is needed with the new value(s).
For example, if the original model has a `//visual[@name="visual"]/geometry/sphere[radius=0.5]`
and modifying the `//radius` is desired, then under `//experimental:params`:

```xml
<visual element_id="path::to::visual" action="modify">
  <geometry>
    <sphere>
      <radius custom:attr="foo">1.0</radius>
    </sphere>
  </geometry>
</visual>
```

> This modifies the original `//radius` from 0.5 to be 1.0 and adds a new attribute to the element.

Reviewer: mention that the new attribute is `cusom:attr`?

Author: 215e07b977d9033233462127d373fdbb6f19013a

If the original `//visual` has other children elements,

> these elements are left unchanged since they are not provided under `//experimental:params`.

Reviewer: maybe an example here would be a `<cylinder>` where you only change the `radius` and leave the `length` element unchanged.

Author: Thanks for the tip! 215e07b977d9033233462127d373fdbb6f19013a

If the element does have child elements then only providing the attribute is needed (see example 1).
If no attributes are provided, the original attributes will be left unchanged.
Although, it is not possible to remove an attribute, a work around is to assign
the attribute an empty value (e.g., `//pose[@relative_to=""]`).
The `@name` attribute can only be modified when the `modify` action is defined in the `@element_id` element.

#### Modify examples

**Example 1**

To `modify` a name attribute only, in this case the original model has `//visual[@name="visual"]`:

```xml
<!-- //experimental:params -->
<visual element_id="path::to::visual" name="new_name" action="modify"/>
```

this only modifies the `@name` of the `//visual` to be `new_name`.
There are no other listed attributes or child elements so nothing else is changed.

To `modify` child elements and not the name attribute provide
the full path to the element to be modified with the updated value:

```xml
<!-- //experimental:params -->
<visual element_id="path::to::visual" action="modify">
  <geometry>
    <sphere>
      <radius>1.0</radius>
    </sphere>
  </geometry>

> </visual>

Reviewer: the example is basically the same as the one above right (just without the new attribute)?

    <mass>2.637</mass>
    <inertia>
      <ixx>0.02467</ixx>
      <iyy>0.04411</iyy>
      <izz>0.02467</izz>
    </inertia>
  </inertial>
</link>
```

Note that `//pose` values are the same values as the original.
Currently, there is no way to specify if element values should remain the same
so they must be provided (this can only be done with attributes by not providing them).

The expected updated model would be:

```xml
<!-- updated included model -->
...
<link name="chassis">
  <pose relative_to="new_frame">1 0 0 0 0 0</pose>
  <inertial>
    <mass>2.637</mass>
    <inertia>
      <ixx>0.02467</ixx>
      <ixy>0</ixy>
      <ixz>0</ixz>
      <iyy>0.04411</iyy>
      <iyz>0</iyz>
      <izz>0.02467</izz>
    </inertia>
  </inertial>
  ...
</link>
...
```

---

### Remove action

The `remove` action removes elements from the original model.

When `remove` is declared where `@element_id` is specified, the entire element is removed.
Any listed children elements are ignored.
When `remove` is declared in the direct children of `@element_id` there are 2 cases to consider.
If the direct child (where `remove` is defined):
1. Has no children elements, the entire element is removed

> 1. Has children, the individual children are removed but not the element where `remove` is defined

Reviewer: refer to one of the examples below? e.g. `see Example x`

Author: 215e07b977d9033233462127d373fdbb6f19013a

is defined in the `@element_id` element.

#### Replace examples

**Example 1**

Given the original model has a `//link[@name="chassis"]/visual[@name="camera_visual"]`,
to `replace` the `//visual[@name="camera_visual"]` element:

```xml
<!-- //experimental:params -->
<visual element_id="chassis::camera_visual" name="camera_visual" action="replace">
  ...
</visual>
```

This replaces the original element with the provided element above
but notice the `@name` attribute will remain the same.

The following example is equivalent but is not recommended:

```xml
<!-- //experimental:params -->
<link element_id="chassis">
  <visual name="camera_visual" action="replace">
    ...
  </visual>
</link>
```

In this situation, stating `@name` is not required but is encouraged
since there could exist multiple `//visual` elements in the original.
When there are multiple, the first found `//visual` element found is assumed to be replaced.
Also, in this case, the `@name` can not be changed.
To `replace` the element with a new name:

```xml
<!-- //experimental:params -->
<visual element_id="chassis::camera_visual" name="new_name" action="replace">
  ...

> </visual>

Reviewer: Just want to confirm about the following use case. First I change the an element name to a new value. Then a few lines later I want to remove that element:

```
<visual element_id="chassis::camera_visual" name="new_name" action="replace">
  ...
</visual>

...

<visual element_id="chassis::new_name" action="remove"/>
```

The above won't work because the `element_id` in the `remove` action should still be `chassis::camera_visual` and not the new name correct?

Author: No, the above would work. Parameter passing works off the original model using a top-down approach (not a copy). So first the `//visual` element will be replaced with `//visual[@name="new_name"]` and then when it reaches `<visual element_id="chassis::new_name" action="remove"/>` it will be removed

Reviewer: ok got it. Maybe add a small note mentioning that subsequent actions will need to refer to a new `element_id` after this name change?

Author: How's this? fbdc63d2c8d3b17353ac085c2355eecb5f205329

Reviewer: looks good, thanks!

Also, in this case, the `@name` can not be changed.
To `replace` the element with a new name:

```xml
<!-- //experimental:params -->
<visual element_id="chassis::camera_visual" name="new_name" action="replace">
  ...
</visual>
```

It is possible to further alter this `//visual` element but will need to refer
to the new element `@name`:

```xml
<!-- //experimental:params -->
<visual element_id="chassis::new_name" action="modify">
  <!-- modifications -->
</visual>
```

**Example 2**

For replacing elements that do not have the `@name` attribute
(e.g., `//material`, `//inertial`, or `//axis`),
specify the `@action` in the direct children of the `@element_id` element.

For example, if the original model has:

```xml
<!-- included model -->
<joint name="joint" type="revolute">
  ...
  <axis>
    ...
    <dynamics>
      ...
      <damping>0.2</damping>
    </dynamics>
  </axis>
</joint>
```

to `replace` `//axis`:

```xml
<!-- //experimental:params -->
<joint element_id="path::to::joint">
  ...
  <axis action="replace">
    ...
    <dynamics>
      ...
      <damping>0</damping>
    </dynamics>
  </axis>
</joint>
```

## Custom elements

> Currently, the only way to `add` a custom element is through a known `SDFormat`
> tag. For example,

Reviewer 2: The term "known SDFormat tag" may not be familiar to the reader. 

```suggestion
Currently, the only way to `add` a custom element is by setting the `action` on a non-custom parent element. For example, we can use `link` as the non-custom parent element to add `foo:custom_elem`:
```
